
Connectors
==========



abuseipdb
---------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.AbuseIPDB` 

AbuseIPDB provides an API to identify if an IP address has been associated with
malicious activities online.



amplitude
---------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Amplitude` 

Amplitude, an analytics product that allows you to collects events from web and
mobile apps, unify those and use those to better understand your customers
needs.



audit_webhook
-------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.AuditWebhook` 

// description for audit_webhook



aws_s3
------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.AWSS3` 

// description for aws_s3



aws_translate
-------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.AWSTranslate` 

// description for aws_translate



clear
-----

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Clear` 

An identity verification platform that allow customers to digitally verify their
identity from anywhere.



datadog
-------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Datadog` 

Datadog, an observability service for cloud-scale applications, providing
monitoring of servers, databases, tools, and services, through a SaaS-based data
analytics platform.



devrev_grow
-----------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.DevRevGrow` 

// description for devrev_grow



docebo
------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Docebo` 

Docebo is a cloud-based Learning Management System (LMS) designed to increase
performance and learning engagement.



fingerprint
-----------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Fingerprint` 

Use the Fingerprint (formerly FingerprintJS) connector to add device
intelligence and prevent fraud.



fingerprint_descope
-------------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.FingerprintDescope` 

// description for fingerprint_descope



forter
------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Forter` 

Use the Forter connector for account fraud prevention.



generic_sms_gateway
-------------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.GenericSMSGateway` 

// description for generic_sms_gateway



google_cloud_translation
------------------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.GoogleCloudTranslation` 

// description for google_cloud_translation



hibp
----

- Type: `list` of `connectors.HIBP` 

API to check if password appeared previously exposed in data breaches.



http
----

- Type: `list` of `connectors.HTTP` 

A general purpose HTTP client



hubspot
-------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.HubSpot` 

HubSpot is a CRM platform with software, integrations, and resources needed to
connect marketing, sales, content management, and customer service.



incode
------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Incode` 

Use the Incode connection to run identity verification processes like document
checks or facial recognition.



intercom
--------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Intercom` 

Intercom is a Conversational Relationship Platform (CRP).



lokalise
--------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Lokalise` 

Localize the language of your login and user journey screens with the Lokalise
connector.



mparticle
---------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.MParticle` 

Track and send user event data (e.g. page views, purchases, etc.) across
connected tools using the mParticle connector.



newrelic
--------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.NewRelic` 

Use this connector to send audit events and troubleshooting logs to New Relic.



recaptcha
---------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Recaptcha` 

reCAPTCHA is a free google service that protects your site from spam and abuse.
It uses advanced risk analysis techniques to tell humans and bots apart.



recaptcha_enterprise
--------------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.RecaptchaEnterprise` 

// description for recaptcha_enterprise



rekognition
-----------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Rekognition` 

AWS Rekognition, cloud-based AI service that offers computer vision capabilities
for analyzing and processing images. Useful for registration and verification
processes, and can be used to detect fraud and prevent identity theft.



salesforce
----------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Salesforce` 

Salesforce is a leading cloud-based Customer Relationship Management (CRM)
platform that helps businesses streamline their sales, service, and marketing
operations.



salesforce_marketing_cloud
--------------------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.SalesforceMarketingCloud` 

// description for salesforce_marketing_cloud



segment
-------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Segment` 

Segment, an analytics product that allows you to collects events from web and
mobile apps, unify those and use those to better understand your customers
needs.



sendgrid
--------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.SendGrid` 

// description for sendgrid



ses
----

- Type: `list` of `connectors.SES` 

// description for ses



slack
-----

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Slack` 

Send updates to your team on Slack.



smartling
---------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Smartling` 

Localize the language of your login and user journey screens with the Smartling
connector.



smtp
----

- Type: `list` of `connectors.SMTP` 

// description for smtp



sns
----

- Type: `list` of `connectors.SNS` 

// description for sns



sumologic
---------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.SumoLogic` 

Sumo Logic, fast troubleshooting and investigation with AI/ML-powered log
analytics



telesign
--------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Telesign` 

Telesign Phone number intelligence API provides risk score for phone numbers.



traceable
---------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Traceable` 

API security for a cloud-first, API-driven world.



twilio_core
-----------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.TwilioCore` 

// description for twilio_core



twilio_verify
-------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.TwilioVerify` 

// description for twilio_verify
