
Connectors
==========



abuseipdb
---------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.AbuseIPDB` 

AbuseIPDB provides an API to identify if an IP address has been associated with
malicious activities online.



amplitude
---------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Amplitude` 

Amplitude, an analytics product that allows you to collects events from web and
mobile apps, unify those and use those to better understand your customers
needs.



audit_webhook
-------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.AuditWebhook` 

Webhook endpoint for receiving audit events and security logs.



aws_s3
------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.AWSS3` 

Amazon S3 storage service for file uploads and document management.



aws_translate
-------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.AWSTranslate` 

Amazon Translate service for automatic language translation of content.



clear
-----

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Clear` 

An identity verification platform that allow customers to digitally verify their
identity from anywhere.



cybersixgill
------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Cybersixgill` 

Utilize threat intelligence to block malicious login attempts or check leaks
with the Cybersixgill connector.



datadog
-------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Datadog` 

Datadog, an observability service for cloud-scale applications, providing
monitoring of servers, databases, tools, and services, through a SaaS-based data
analytics platform.



devrev_grow
-----------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.DevRevGrow` 

DevRev Grow platform for customer support and product development integration.



docebo
------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Docebo` 

Docebo is a cloud-based Learning Management System (LMS) designed to increase
performance and learning engagement.



eight_by_eight_viber
--------------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.EightByEightViber` 

8x8 Viber integration for messaging through the Viber platform.



eight_by_eight_whatsapp
-----------------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.EightByEightWhatsapp` 

8x8 WhatsApp integration for messaging through the WhatsApp Business platform.



elephant
--------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Elephant` 

Use this connector to obtain an identity trust score.



external_token_http
-------------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.ExternalTokenHTTP` 

// description for external_token_http



fingerprint
-----------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Fingerprint` 

Use the Fingerprint (formerly FingerprintJS) connector to add device
intelligence and prevent fraud.



fingerprint_descope
-------------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.FingerprintDescope` 

Descope's built-in device fingerprinting for fraud detection.



firebase_admin
--------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.FirebaseAdmin` 

// description for firebase_admin



forter
------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Forter` 

Use the Forter connector for account fraud prevention.



generic_email_gateway
---------------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.GenericEmailGateway` 

Generic email gateway for custom email service integrations.



generic_sms_gateway
-------------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.GenericSMSGateway` 

Generic SMS gateway for custom SMS service integrations.



google_cloud_translation
------------------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.GoogleCloudTranslation` 

Google Cloud Translation API for automatic language translation.



google_maps_places
------------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.GoogleMapsPlaces` 

Google Maps Places API for address validation and autocomplete.



hibp
----

- Type: `list` of `connectors.HIBP` 

API to check if password appeared previously exposed in data breaches.



http
----

- Type: `list` of `connectors.HTTP` 

A general purpose HTTP client



hubspot
-------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.HubSpot` 

HubSpot is a CRM platform with software, integrations, and resources needed to
connect marketing, sales, content management, and customer service.



incode
------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Incode` 

Use the Incode connection to run identity verification processes like document
checks or facial recognition.



intercom
--------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Intercom` 

Intercom is a Conversational Relationship Platform (CRP).



lokalise
--------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Lokalise` 

Localize the language of your login and user journey screens with the Lokalise
connector.



mparticle
---------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.MParticle` 

Track and send user event data (e.g. page views, purchases, etc.) across
connected tools using the mParticle connector.



newrelic
--------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.NewRelic` 

Use this connector to send audit events and troubleshooting logs to New Relic.



radar
-----

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Radar` 

Get address autocompletions from Radar Autocomplete API.



recaptcha
---------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Recaptcha` 

reCAPTCHA is a free google service that protects your site from spam and abuse.
It uses advanced risk analysis techniques to tell humans and bots apart.



recaptcha_enterprise
--------------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.RecaptchaEnterprise` 

Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise for advanced bot protection and risk assessment.



rekognition
-----------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Rekognition` 

AWS Rekognition, cloud-based AI service that offers computer vision capabilities
for analyzing and processing images. Useful for registration and verification
processes, and can be used to detect fraud and prevent identity theft.



salesforce
----------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Salesforce` 

Salesforce is a leading cloud-based Customer Relationship Management (CRM)
platform that helps businesses streamline their sales, service, and marketing
operations.



salesforce_marketing_cloud
--------------------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.SalesforceMarketingCloud` 

Salesforce Marketing Cloud for email marketing and customer engagement.



sardine
-------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Sardine` 

Evaluate customer risk using Sardine



segment
-------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Segment` 

Segment, an analytics product that allows you to collects events from web and
mobile apps, unify those and use those to better understand your customers
needs.



sendgrid
--------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.SendGrid` 

SendGrid email delivery service for sending transactional emails.



ses
----

- Type: `list` of `connectors.SES` 

Amazon Simple Email Service (SES) for sending emails through AWS infrastructure.



slack
-----

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Slack` 

Send updates to your team on Slack.



smartling
---------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Smartling` 

Localize the language of your login and user journey screens with the Smartling
connector.



smtp
----

- Type: `list` of `connectors.SMTP` 

Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) server for sending emails.



sns
----

- Type: `list` of `connectors.SNS` 

Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS) for sending SMS messages through AWS.



sumologic
---------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.SumoLogic` 

Sumo Logic, fast troubleshooting and investigation with AI/ML-powered log
analytics



supabase
--------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Supabase` 

Supabase



telesign
--------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Telesign` 

Telesign Phone number intelligence API provides risk score for phone numbers.



traceable
---------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Traceable` 

API security for a cloud-first, API-driven world.



turnstile
---------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.Turnstile` 

Prevent bot attacks on your login pages with the Turnstile connector.



twilio_core
-----------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.TwilioCore` 

Twilio Core messaging service for sending SMS and voice messages.



twilio_verify
-------------

- Type: `list` of `connectors.TwilioVerify` 

Twilio Verify service for phone number verification and two-factor authentication.
