---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "descope_descoper Resource - descope"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# descope_descoper (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) The email address of the Descope console user.
- `rbac` (Attributes) Access control settings for the Descope console user. This defines the permissions granted to the user, either as a company admin or for specific projects or project tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rbac))

### Optional

- `name` (String) The display name of the Descope console user.
- `phone` (String) The phone number of the Descope console user.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--rbac"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rbac`

Optional:

- `is_company_admin` (Boolean) Whether this descoper has company-wide admin access. When set to `true`, the descoper cannot have `tag_roles` or `project_roles`.
- `project_roles` (Attributes List) A list of roles that are granted to the descoper for specific projects by their project ID. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rbac--project_roles))
- `tag_roles` (Attributes List) A list of roles that are granted to the descoper for all projects that have a specific tag. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rbac--tag_roles))

<a id="nestedatt--rbac--project_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rbac.project_roles`

Required:

- `project_ids` (Set of String) The project IDs this role grant applies to.
- `role` (String) The roles the descoper will be granted in the applicable projects. Must be one of: `admin`, `developer`, `support`, `auditor`.


<a id="nestedatt--rbac--tag_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rbac.tag_roles`

Required:

- `role` (String) The role the descoper will be granted in the applicable projects. Must be one of: `admin`, `developer`, `support`, `auditor`.
- `tags` (Set of String) The project tags this role assignment applies to.
