---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "descope_management_key Resource - descope"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# descope_management_key (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A name for the management key.
- `rebac` (Attributes) Access control settings for the management key. This defines the permissions granted to the management key, either at the company level or for specific projects or for project tags. Changing this value after creation will require the management key to be replaced. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rebac))

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for the management key.
- `expire_time` (Number) The expiration time of the management key as a Unix timestamp. If not set, the key will not expire. Changing this value after creation will require the management key to be replaced.
- `permitted_ips` (List of String) A list of IP addresses or CIDR ranges that are allowed to use this management key. If not set, the key can be used from any IP address.
- `status` (String) The status of the management key. Must be either `active` or `inactive`.

### Read-Only

- `cleartext` (String, Sensitive) The plaintext value of the management key. This is only available after the key is created and cannot be retrieved later. Store this value securely as it is required to authenticate API requests.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--rebac"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rebac`

Optional:

- `company_roles` (Set of String) A list of company-level role names that are granted to the management key. This attribute is mutually exclusive with `tag_roles` and `project_roles`.
- `project_roles` (Attributes List) A list of project-level role names that are granted to the management key for specific projects by their project ID. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rebac--project_roles))
- `tag_roles` (Attributes List) A list of project-level role names that are granted to the management key for all projects that have a specific tag. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rebac--tag_roles))

<a id="nestedatt--rebac--project_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rebac.project_roles`

Required:

- `project_ids` (Set of String) The project IDs this role grant applies to.
- `roles` (Set of String) The roles the management key will be granted in the applicable projects.


<a id="nestedatt--rebac--tag_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rebac.tag_roles`

Required:

- `roles` (Set of String) The roles the management key will be granted in the applicable projects.
- `tags` (Set of String) The project tags this role grant applies to.
