---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "descope_project Resource - descope"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# descope_project (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Descope project.

### Optional

- `applications` (Attributes) Applications that are registered with the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--applications))
- `attributes` (Attributes) Custom attributes that can be attached to users and tenants. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attributes))
- `authentication` (Attributes) Settings for each authentication method. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication))
- `authorization` (Attributes) Define Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) for your users by creating roles and permissions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization))
- `connectors` (Attributes) Enrich your flows by interacting with third party services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors))
- `environment` (String) This can be set to `production` to mark production projects, otherwise this should be left unset for development or staging projects.
- `flows` (Attributes Map) Custom authentication flows to use in this project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flows))
- `invite_settings` (Attributes) User invitation settings and behavior. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--invite_settings))
- `jwt_templates` (Attributes) Defines templates for JSON Web Tokens (JWT) used for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--jwt_templates))
- `project_settings` (Attributes) General settings for the Descope project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--project_settings))
- `styles` (Attributes) Custom styles that can be applied to the project's authentication flows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--styles))
- `tags` (Set of String) Descriptive tags for your Descope project. Each tag must be no more than 50 characters long.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--applications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `applications`

Optional:

- `oidc_applications` (Attributes List) Applications using OpenID Connect (OIDC) for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--applications--oidc_applications))
- `saml_applications` (Attributes List) Applications using SAML for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--applications--saml_applications))

<a id="nestedatt--applications--oidc_applications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `applications.oidc_applications`

Required:

- `name` (String) A name for the OIDC application.

Optional:

- `claims` (List of String) A list of supported claims. e.g. `sub`, `email`, `exp`.
- `description` (String) A description for the OIDC application.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether the application should be enabled or disabled.
- `force_authentication` (Boolean) This configuration overrides the default behavior of the SSO application and forces the user to authenticate via the Descope flow, regardless of the SP's request.
- `id` (String) An optional identifier for the OIDC application.
- `login_page_url` (String) The Flow Hosting URL. Read more about using this parameter with custom domain [here](https://docs.descope.com/sso-integrations/applications/saml-apps).
- `logo` (String) A logo for the OIDC application. Should be a hosted image URL.


<a id="nestedatt--applications--saml_applications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `applications.saml_applications`

Required:

- `name` (String) A name for the SAML application.

Optional:

- `acs_allowed_callback_urls` (Set of String) A list of allowed ACS callback URLS. This configuration is used when the default ACS URL value is unreachable. Supports wildcards.
- `attribute_mapping` (Attributes List) The `AttributeMapping` object. Read the description below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--applications--saml_applications--attribute_mapping))
- `default_relay_state` (String) The default relay state. When using IdP-initiated authentication, this value may be used as a URL to a resource in the Service Provider.
- `description` (String) A description for the SAML application.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether the application should be enabled or disabled.
- `dynamic_configuration` (Attributes) The `DynamicConfiguration` object. Read the description below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--applications--saml_applications--dynamic_configuration))
- `force_authentication` (Boolean) This configuration overrides the default behavior of the SSO application and forces the user to authenticate via the Descope flow, regardless of the SP's request.
- `id` (String) An optional identifier for the SAML application.
- `login_page_url` (String) The Flow Hosting URL. Read more about using this parameter with custom domain [here](https://docs.descope.com/sso-integrations/applications/saml-apps).
- `logo` (String) A logo for the SAML application. Should be a hosted image URL.
- `manual_configuration` (Attributes) The `ManualConfiguration` object. Read the description below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--applications--saml_applications--manual_configuration))
- `subject_name_id_format` (String) The subject name id format. Choose one of "", "urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:1.1:nameid-format:unspecified", "urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:1.1:nameid-format:emailAddress", "urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:nameid-format:persistent", "urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:nameid-format:transient". Read more about this configuration [here](https://docs.descope.com/sso-integrations/applications/saml-apps).
- `subject_name_id_type` (String) The subject name id type. Choose one of "", "email", "phone". Read more about this configuration [here](https://docs.descope.com/sso-integrations/applications/saml-apps).

<a id="nestedatt--applications--saml_applications--attribute_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `applications.saml_applications.attribute_mapping`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the attribute.
- `value` (String) The value of the attribute.


<a id="nestedatt--applications--saml_applications--dynamic_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `applications.saml_applications.dynamic_configuration`

Required:

- `metadata_url` (String) The metadata URL when retrieving the connection details dynamically.


<a id="nestedatt--applications--saml_applications--manual_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `applications.saml_applications.manual_configuration`

Required:

- `acs_url` (String) Enter the `ACS URL` from the SP.
- `certificate` (String) Enter the `Certificate` from the SP.
- `entity_id` (String) Enter the `Entity Id` from the SP.




<a id="nestedatt--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes`

Optional:

- `tenant` (Attributes List) A list of `TenantAttribute`. Read the description below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attributes--tenant))
- `user` (Attributes List) A list of `UserAttribute`. Read the description below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attributes--user))

<a id="nestedatt--attributes--tenant"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes.tenant`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the attribute.
- `type` (String) The type of the attribute. Choose one of "string", "number", "boolean", "singleselect", "multiselect", "date".

Optional:

- `authorization` (Attributes) Determines the required permissions for this tenant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attributes--tenant--authorization))
- `select_options` (Set of String) When the attribute type is "multiselect". A list of options to choose from.

<a id="nestedatt--attributes--tenant--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes.tenant.authorization`

Optional:

- `view_permissions` (Set of String) Determines the required permissions for this tenant.



<a id="nestedatt--attributes--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes.user`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the attribute.
- `type` (String) The type of the attribute. Choose one of "string", "number", "boolean", "singleselect", "multiselect", "date".

Optional:

- `select_options` (Set of String) When the attribute type is "multiselect". A list of options to choose from.
- `widget_authorization` (Attributes) Determines the permissions users are required to have to access this attribute in the user management widget. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attributes--user--widget_authorization))

<a id="nestedatt--attributes--user--widget_authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes.user.widget_authorization`

Optional:

- `edit_permissions` (Set of String) The permissions users are required to have to edit this attribute in the user management widget.
- `view_permissions` (Set of String) The permissions users are required to have to view this attribute in the user management widget.




<a id="nestedatt--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication`

Optional:

- `embedded_link` (Attributes) Make the authentication experience smoother for the user by generating their initial token in a way that does not require the end user to initiate the process, requiring only verification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--embedded_link))
- `enchanted_link` (Attributes) An enhanced and more secure version of Magic Link, enabling users to start the authentication process on one device and execute the verification on another. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--enchanted_link))
- `magic_link` (Attributes) An authentication method where a user receives a unique link via email to log in. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--magic_link))
- `oauth` (Attributes) Authentication using Open Authorization, which allows users to authenticate with various external services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth))
- `otp` (Attributes) A dynamically generated set of numbers, granting the user one-time access. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--otp))
- `passkeys` (Attributes) Device-based passwordless authentication, using fingerprint, face scan, and more. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--passkeys))
- `password` (Attributes) The classic username and password combination used for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--password))
- `sso` (Attributes) Single Sign-On (SSO) authentication method that enables users to access multiple applications with a single set of credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--sso))
- `totp` (Attributes) A one-time code generated for the user using a shared secret and time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--totp))

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--embedded_link"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.embedded_link`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Setting this to `true` will disallow using this authentication method directly via API and SDK calls. Note that this does not affect authentication flows that are configured to use this authentication method.
- `expiration_time` (String) How long the embedded link remains valid before it expires.


<a id="nestedatt--authentication--enchanted_link"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.enchanted_link`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Setting this to `true` will disallow using this authentication method directly via API and SDK calls. Note that this does not affect authentication flows that are configured to use this authentication method.
- `email_service` (Attributes) Settings related to sending emails as part of the enchanted link authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--enchanted_link--email_service))
- `expiration_time` (String) How long the enchanted link remains valid before it expires.
- `redirect_url` (String) The URL to redirect users to after they log in using the enchanted link.

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--enchanted_link--email_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.enchanted_link.email_service`

Required:

- `connector` (String) The name of the email connector to use for sending emails.

Optional:

- `templates` (Attributes List) A list of email templates for different authentication flows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--enchanted_link--email_service--templates))

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--enchanted_link--email_service--templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.enchanted_link.email_service.templates`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique name for this email template.
- `subject` (String) Subject line of the email message.

Optional:

- `active` (Boolean) Whether this email template is currently active and in use.
- `html_body` (String) HTML content of the email message body, required if `use_plain_text_body` isn't set.
- `plain_text_body` (String) Plain text version of the email message body, required if `use_plain_text_body` is set to `true`.
- `use_plain_text_body` (Boolean) Whether to use the plain text body instead of HTML for the email.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--authentication--magic_link"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.magic_link`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Setting this to `true` will disallow using this authentication method directly via API and SDK calls. Note that this does not affect authentication flows that are configured to use this authentication method.
- `email_service` (Attributes) Settings related to sending emails as part of the magic link authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--magic_link--email_service))
- `expiration_time` (String) How long the magic link remains valid before it expires.
- `redirect_url` (String) The URL to redirect users to after they log in using the magic link.
- `text_service` (Attributes) Settings related to sending SMS messages as part of the magic link authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--magic_link--text_service))

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--magic_link--email_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.magic_link.email_service`

Required:

- `connector` (String) The name of the email connector to use for sending emails.

Optional:

- `templates` (Attributes List) A list of email templates for different authentication flows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--magic_link--email_service--templates))

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--magic_link--email_service--templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.magic_link.email_service.templates`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique name for this email template.
- `subject` (String) Subject line of the email message.

Optional:

- `active` (Boolean) Whether this email template is currently active and in use.
- `html_body` (String) HTML content of the email message body, required if `use_plain_text_body` isn't set.
- `plain_text_body` (String) Plain text version of the email message body, required if `use_plain_text_body` is set to `true`.
- `use_plain_text_body` (Boolean) Whether to use the plain text body instead of HTML for the email.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--authentication--magic_link--text_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.magic_link.text_service`

Required:

- `connector` (String) The name of the SMS/text connector to use for sending text messages.

Optional:

- `templates` (Attributes List) A list of text message templates for different authentication flows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--magic_link--text_service--templates))

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--magic_link--text_service--templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.magic_link.text_service.templates`

Required:

- `body` (String) The content of the text message.
- `name` (String) Unique name for this text template.

Optional:

- `active` (Boolean) Whether this text template is currently active and in use.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth`

Optional:

- `custom` (Attributes Map) Custom OAuth providers configured for this project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--custom))
- `disabled` (Boolean) Setting this to `true` will disallow using this authentication method directly via API and SDK calls. Note that this does not affect authentication flows that are configured to use this authentication method.
- `system` (Attributes) Custom configurations for builtin OAuth providers such as Apple, Google, GitHub, Facebook, etc. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system))

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--custom"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.custom`

Optional:

- `allowed_grant_types` (List of String) The type of grants (`authorization_code` or `implicit`) to allow when requesting access tokens from the OAuth provider.
- `authorization_endpoint` (String) The URL that users are redirected to for authorization with the OAuth provider.
- `callback_domain` (String) Use a custom domain in your OAuth verification screen.
- `claim_mapping` (Map of String) Maps OAuth provider claims to Descope user attributes.
- `client_id` (String) The client ID for the OAuth provider, used to identify the application to the provider.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret for the OAuth provider, used to authenticate the application with the provider.
- `description` (String) A brief description of the OAuth provider.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Setting this to `true` will disallow using this authentication method directly via API and SDK calls. Note that this does not affect authentication flows that are configured to use this authentication method.
- `issuer` (String) The issuer identifier for the OAuth provider.
- `jwks_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application can retrieve JSON Web Key Sets (JWKS) for the OAuth provider.
- `logo` (String) The URL of the logo associated with the OAuth provider.
- `manage_provider_tokens` (Boolean) Whether to enable provider token management for this OAuth provider.
- `merge_user_accounts` (Boolean) Whether to merge existing user accounts with new ones created through OAuth authentication.
- `prompts` (List of String) Custom prompts or consent screens that users may see during OAuth authentication.
- `provider_token_management` (Attributes) This attribute is deprecated, use the `manage_provider_tokens`, `callback_domain`, and `redirect_url` fields instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--custom--provider_token_management))
- `redirect_url` (String) Users will be directed to this URL after authentication. If redirect URL is specified in the SDK/API call, it will override this value.
- `scopes` (List of String) Scopes of access that the application requests from the user's account on the OAuth provider.
- `token_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application requests an access token from the OAuth provider.
- `user_info_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application retrieves user information from the OAuth provider.

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--custom--provider_token_management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.custom.provider_token_management`



<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.system`

Optional:

- `apple` (Attributes) Apple's OAuth provider, allowing users to authenticate with their Apple Account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--apple))
- `discord` (Attributes) Discord's OAuth provider, allowing users to authenticate with their Discord account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--discord))
- `facebook` (Attributes) Facebook's OAuth provider, allowing users to authenticate with their Facebook account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--facebook))
- `github` (Attributes) GitHub's OAuth provider, allowing users to authenticate with their GitHub account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--github))
- `gitlab` (Attributes) GitLab's OAuth provider, allowing users to authenticate with their GitLab account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--gitlab))
- `google` (Attributes) Google's OAuth provider, allowing users to authenticate with their Google account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--google))
- `linkedin` (Attributes) LinkedIn's OAuth provider, allowing users to authenticate with their LinkedIn account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--linkedin))
- `microsoft` (Attributes) Microsoft's OAuth provider, allowing users to authenticate with their Microsoft account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--microsoft))
- `slack` (Attributes) Slack's OAuth provider, allowing users to authenticate with their Slack account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--slack))

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--apple"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.system.apple`

Optional:

- `allowed_grant_types` (List of String) The type of grants (`authorization_code` or `implicit`) to allow when requesting access tokens from the OAuth provider.
- `authorization_endpoint` (String) The URL that users are redirected to for authorization with the OAuth provider.
- `callback_domain` (String) Use a custom domain in your OAuth verification screen.
- `claim_mapping` (Map of String) Maps OAuth provider claims to Descope user attributes.
- `client_id` (String) The client ID for the OAuth provider, used to identify the application to the provider.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret for the OAuth provider, used to authenticate the application with the provider.
- `description` (String) A brief description of the OAuth provider.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Setting this to `true` will disallow using this authentication method directly via API and SDK calls. Note that this does not affect authentication flows that are configured to use this authentication method.
- `issuer` (String) The issuer identifier for the OAuth provider.
- `jwks_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application can retrieve JSON Web Key Sets (JWKS) for the OAuth provider.
- `logo` (String) The URL of the logo associated with the OAuth provider.
- `manage_provider_tokens` (Boolean) Whether to enable provider token management for this OAuth provider.
- `merge_user_accounts` (Boolean) Whether to merge existing user accounts with new ones created through OAuth authentication.
- `prompts` (List of String) Custom prompts or consent screens that users may see during OAuth authentication.
- `provider_token_management` (Attributes) This attribute is deprecated, use the `manage_provider_tokens`, `callback_domain`, and `redirect_url` fields instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--apple--provider_token_management))
- `redirect_url` (String) Users will be directed to this URL after authentication. If redirect URL is specified in the SDK/API call, it will override this value.
- `scopes` (List of String) Scopes of access that the application requests from the user's account on the OAuth provider.
- `token_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application requests an access token from the OAuth provider.
- `user_info_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application retrieves user information from the OAuth provider.

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--apple--provider_token_management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.system.apple.provider_token_management`



<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--discord"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.system.discord`

Optional:

- `allowed_grant_types` (List of String) The type of grants (`authorization_code` or `implicit`) to allow when requesting access tokens from the OAuth provider.
- `authorization_endpoint` (String) The URL that users are redirected to for authorization with the OAuth provider.
- `callback_domain` (String) Use a custom domain in your OAuth verification screen.
- `claim_mapping` (Map of String) Maps OAuth provider claims to Descope user attributes.
- `client_id` (String) The client ID for the OAuth provider, used to identify the application to the provider.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret for the OAuth provider, used to authenticate the application with the provider.
- `description` (String) A brief description of the OAuth provider.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Setting this to `true` will disallow using this authentication method directly via API and SDK calls. Note that this does not affect authentication flows that are configured to use this authentication method.
- `issuer` (String) The issuer identifier for the OAuth provider.
- `jwks_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application can retrieve JSON Web Key Sets (JWKS) for the OAuth provider.
- `logo` (String) The URL of the logo associated with the OAuth provider.
- `manage_provider_tokens` (Boolean) Whether to enable provider token management for this OAuth provider.
- `merge_user_accounts` (Boolean) Whether to merge existing user accounts with new ones created through OAuth authentication.
- `prompts` (List of String) Custom prompts or consent screens that users may see during OAuth authentication.
- `provider_token_management` (Attributes) This attribute is deprecated, use the `manage_provider_tokens`, `callback_domain`, and `redirect_url` fields instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--discord--provider_token_management))
- `redirect_url` (String) Users will be directed to this URL after authentication. If redirect URL is specified in the SDK/API call, it will override this value.
- `scopes` (List of String) Scopes of access that the application requests from the user's account on the OAuth provider.
- `token_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application requests an access token from the OAuth provider.
- `user_info_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application retrieves user information from the OAuth provider.

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--discord--provider_token_management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.system.discord.provider_token_management`



<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--facebook"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.system.facebook`

Optional:

- `allowed_grant_types` (List of String) The type of grants (`authorization_code` or `implicit`) to allow when requesting access tokens from the OAuth provider.
- `authorization_endpoint` (String) The URL that users are redirected to for authorization with the OAuth provider.
- `callback_domain` (String) Use a custom domain in your OAuth verification screen.
- `claim_mapping` (Map of String) Maps OAuth provider claims to Descope user attributes.
- `client_id` (String) The client ID for the OAuth provider, used to identify the application to the provider.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret for the OAuth provider, used to authenticate the application with the provider.
- `description` (String) A brief description of the OAuth provider.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Setting this to `true` will disallow using this authentication method directly via API and SDK calls. Note that this does not affect authentication flows that are configured to use this authentication method.
- `issuer` (String) The issuer identifier for the OAuth provider.
- `jwks_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application can retrieve JSON Web Key Sets (JWKS) for the OAuth provider.
- `logo` (String) The URL of the logo associated with the OAuth provider.
- `manage_provider_tokens` (Boolean) Whether to enable provider token management for this OAuth provider.
- `merge_user_accounts` (Boolean) Whether to merge existing user accounts with new ones created through OAuth authentication.
- `prompts` (List of String) Custom prompts or consent screens that users may see during OAuth authentication.
- `provider_token_management` (Attributes) This attribute is deprecated, use the `manage_provider_tokens`, `callback_domain`, and `redirect_url` fields instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--facebook--provider_token_management))
- `redirect_url` (String) Users will be directed to this URL after authentication. If redirect URL is specified in the SDK/API call, it will override this value.
- `scopes` (List of String) Scopes of access that the application requests from the user's account on the OAuth provider.
- `token_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application requests an access token from the OAuth provider.
- `user_info_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application retrieves user information from the OAuth provider.

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--facebook--provider_token_management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.system.facebook.provider_token_management`



<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--github"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.system.github`

Optional:

- `allowed_grant_types` (List of String) The type of grants (`authorization_code` or `implicit`) to allow when requesting access tokens from the OAuth provider.
- `authorization_endpoint` (String) The URL that users are redirected to for authorization with the OAuth provider.
- `callback_domain` (String) Use a custom domain in your OAuth verification screen.
- `claim_mapping` (Map of String) Maps OAuth provider claims to Descope user attributes.
- `client_id` (String) The client ID for the OAuth provider, used to identify the application to the provider.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret for the OAuth provider, used to authenticate the application with the provider.
- `description` (String) A brief description of the OAuth provider.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Setting this to `true` will disallow using this authentication method directly via API and SDK calls. Note that this does not affect authentication flows that are configured to use this authentication method.
- `issuer` (String) The issuer identifier for the OAuth provider.
- `jwks_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application can retrieve JSON Web Key Sets (JWKS) for the OAuth provider.
- `logo` (String) The URL of the logo associated with the OAuth provider.
- `manage_provider_tokens` (Boolean) Whether to enable provider token management for this OAuth provider.
- `merge_user_accounts` (Boolean) Whether to merge existing user accounts with new ones created through OAuth authentication.
- `prompts` (List of String) Custom prompts or consent screens that users may see during OAuth authentication.
- `provider_token_management` (Attributes) This attribute is deprecated, use the `manage_provider_tokens`, `callback_domain`, and `redirect_url` fields instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--github--provider_token_management))
- `redirect_url` (String) Users will be directed to this URL after authentication. If redirect URL is specified in the SDK/API call, it will override this value.
- `scopes` (List of String) Scopes of access that the application requests from the user's account on the OAuth provider.
- `token_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application requests an access token from the OAuth provider.
- `user_info_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application retrieves user information from the OAuth provider.

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--github--provider_token_management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.system.github.provider_token_management`



<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--gitlab"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.system.gitlab`

Optional:

- `allowed_grant_types` (List of String) The type of grants (`authorization_code` or `implicit`) to allow when requesting access tokens from the OAuth provider.
- `authorization_endpoint` (String) The URL that users are redirected to for authorization with the OAuth provider.
- `callback_domain` (String) Use a custom domain in your OAuth verification screen.
- `claim_mapping` (Map of String) Maps OAuth provider claims to Descope user attributes.
- `client_id` (String) The client ID for the OAuth provider, used to identify the application to the provider.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret for the OAuth provider, used to authenticate the application with the provider.
- `description` (String) A brief description of the OAuth provider.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Setting this to `true` will disallow using this authentication method directly via API and SDK calls. Note that this does not affect authentication flows that are configured to use this authentication method.
- `issuer` (String) The issuer identifier for the OAuth provider.
- `jwks_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application can retrieve JSON Web Key Sets (JWKS) for the OAuth provider.
- `logo` (String) The URL of the logo associated with the OAuth provider.
- `manage_provider_tokens` (Boolean) Whether to enable provider token management for this OAuth provider.
- `merge_user_accounts` (Boolean) Whether to merge existing user accounts with new ones created through OAuth authentication.
- `prompts` (List of String) Custom prompts or consent screens that users may see during OAuth authentication.
- `provider_token_management` (Attributes) This attribute is deprecated, use the `manage_provider_tokens`, `callback_domain`, and `redirect_url` fields instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--gitlab--provider_token_management))
- `redirect_url` (String) Users will be directed to this URL after authentication. If redirect URL is specified in the SDK/API call, it will override this value.
- `scopes` (List of String) Scopes of access that the application requests from the user's account on the OAuth provider.
- `token_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application requests an access token from the OAuth provider.
- `user_info_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application retrieves user information from the OAuth provider.

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--gitlab--provider_token_management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.system.gitlab.provider_token_management`



<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--google"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.system.google`

Optional:

- `allowed_grant_types` (List of String) The type of grants (`authorization_code` or `implicit`) to allow when requesting access tokens from the OAuth provider.
- `authorization_endpoint` (String) The URL that users are redirected to for authorization with the OAuth provider.
- `callback_domain` (String) Use a custom domain in your OAuth verification screen.
- `claim_mapping` (Map of String) Maps OAuth provider claims to Descope user attributes.
- `client_id` (String) The client ID for the OAuth provider, used to identify the application to the provider.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret for the OAuth provider, used to authenticate the application with the provider.
- `description` (String) A brief description of the OAuth provider.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Setting this to `true` will disallow using this authentication method directly via API and SDK calls. Note that this does not affect authentication flows that are configured to use this authentication method.
- `issuer` (String) The issuer identifier for the OAuth provider.
- `jwks_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application can retrieve JSON Web Key Sets (JWKS) for the OAuth provider.
- `logo` (String) The URL of the logo associated with the OAuth provider.
- `manage_provider_tokens` (Boolean) Whether to enable provider token management for this OAuth provider.
- `merge_user_accounts` (Boolean) Whether to merge existing user accounts with new ones created through OAuth authentication.
- `prompts` (List of String) Custom prompts or consent screens that users may see during OAuth authentication.
- `provider_token_management` (Attributes) This attribute is deprecated, use the `manage_provider_tokens`, `callback_domain`, and `redirect_url` fields instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--google--provider_token_management))
- `redirect_url` (String) Users will be directed to this URL after authentication. If redirect URL is specified in the SDK/API call, it will override this value.
- `scopes` (List of String) Scopes of access that the application requests from the user's account on the OAuth provider.
- `token_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application requests an access token from the OAuth provider.
- `user_info_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application retrieves user information from the OAuth provider.

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--google--provider_token_management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.system.google.provider_token_management`



<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--linkedin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.system.linkedin`

Optional:

- `allowed_grant_types` (List of String) The type of grants (`authorization_code` or `implicit`) to allow when requesting access tokens from the OAuth provider.
- `authorization_endpoint` (String) The URL that users are redirected to for authorization with the OAuth provider.
- `callback_domain` (String) Use a custom domain in your OAuth verification screen.
- `claim_mapping` (Map of String) Maps OAuth provider claims to Descope user attributes.
- `client_id` (String) The client ID for the OAuth provider, used to identify the application to the provider.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret for the OAuth provider, used to authenticate the application with the provider.
- `description` (String) A brief description of the OAuth provider.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Setting this to `true` will disallow using this authentication method directly via API and SDK calls. Note that this does not affect authentication flows that are configured to use this authentication method.
- `issuer` (String) The issuer identifier for the OAuth provider.
- `jwks_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application can retrieve JSON Web Key Sets (JWKS) for the OAuth provider.
- `logo` (String) The URL of the logo associated with the OAuth provider.
- `manage_provider_tokens` (Boolean) Whether to enable provider token management for this OAuth provider.
- `merge_user_accounts` (Boolean) Whether to merge existing user accounts with new ones created through OAuth authentication.
- `prompts` (List of String) Custom prompts or consent screens that users may see during OAuth authentication.
- `provider_token_management` (Attributes) This attribute is deprecated, use the `manage_provider_tokens`, `callback_domain`, and `redirect_url` fields instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--linkedin--provider_token_management))
- `redirect_url` (String) Users will be directed to this URL after authentication. If redirect URL is specified in the SDK/API call, it will override this value.
- `scopes` (List of String) Scopes of access that the application requests from the user's account on the OAuth provider.
- `token_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application requests an access token from the OAuth provider.
- `user_info_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application retrieves user information from the OAuth provider.

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--linkedin--provider_token_management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.system.linkedin.provider_token_management`



<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--microsoft"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.system.microsoft`

Optional:

- `allowed_grant_types` (List of String) The type of grants (`authorization_code` or `implicit`) to allow when requesting access tokens from the OAuth provider.
- `authorization_endpoint` (String) The URL that users are redirected to for authorization with the OAuth provider.
- `callback_domain` (String) Use a custom domain in your OAuth verification screen.
- `claim_mapping` (Map of String) Maps OAuth provider claims to Descope user attributes.
- `client_id` (String) The client ID for the OAuth provider, used to identify the application to the provider.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret for the OAuth provider, used to authenticate the application with the provider.
- `description` (String) A brief description of the OAuth provider.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Setting this to `true` will disallow using this authentication method directly via API and SDK calls. Note that this does not affect authentication flows that are configured to use this authentication method.
- `issuer` (String) The issuer identifier for the OAuth provider.
- `jwks_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application can retrieve JSON Web Key Sets (JWKS) for the OAuth provider.
- `logo` (String) The URL of the logo associated with the OAuth provider.
- `manage_provider_tokens` (Boolean) Whether to enable provider token management for this OAuth provider.
- `merge_user_accounts` (Boolean) Whether to merge existing user accounts with new ones created through OAuth authentication.
- `prompts` (List of String) Custom prompts or consent screens that users may see during OAuth authentication.
- `provider_token_management` (Attributes) This attribute is deprecated, use the `manage_provider_tokens`, `callback_domain`, and `redirect_url` fields instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--microsoft--provider_token_management))
- `redirect_url` (String) Users will be directed to this URL after authentication. If redirect URL is specified in the SDK/API call, it will override this value.
- `scopes` (List of String) Scopes of access that the application requests from the user's account on the OAuth provider.
- `token_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application requests an access token from the OAuth provider.
- `user_info_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application retrieves user information from the OAuth provider.

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--microsoft--provider_token_management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.system.microsoft.provider_token_management`



<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--slack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.system.slack`

Optional:

- `allowed_grant_types` (List of String) The type of grants (`authorization_code` or `implicit`) to allow when requesting access tokens from the OAuth provider.
- `authorization_endpoint` (String) The URL that users are redirected to for authorization with the OAuth provider.
- `callback_domain` (String) Use a custom domain in your OAuth verification screen.
- `claim_mapping` (Map of String) Maps OAuth provider claims to Descope user attributes.
- `client_id` (String) The client ID for the OAuth provider, used to identify the application to the provider.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret for the OAuth provider, used to authenticate the application with the provider.
- `description` (String) A brief description of the OAuth provider.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Setting this to `true` will disallow using this authentication method directly via API and SDK calls. Note that this does not affect authentication flows that are configured to use this authentication method.
- `issuer` (String) The issuer identifier for the OAuth provider.
- `jwks_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application can retrieve JSON Web Key Sets (JWKS) for the OAuth provider.
- `logo` (String) The URL of the logo associated with the OAuth provider.
- `manage_provider_tokens` (Boolean) Whether to enable provider token management for this OAuth provider.
- `merge_user_accounts` (Boolean) Whether to merge existing user accounts with new ones created through OAuth authentication.
- `prompts` (List of String) Custom prompts or consent screens that users may see during OAuth authentication.
- `provider_token_management` (Attributes) This attribute is deprecated, use the `manage_provider_tokens`, `callback_domain`, and `redirect_url` fields instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--slack--provider_token_management))
- `redirect_url` (String) Users will be directed to this URL after authentication. If redirect URL is specified in the SDK/API call, it will override this value.
- `scopes` (List of String) Scopes of access that the application requests from the user's account on the OAuth provider.
- `token_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application requests an access token from the OAuth provider.
- `user_info_endpoint` (String) The URL where the application retrieves user information from the OAuth provider.

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--system--slack--provider_token_management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.system.slack.provider_token_management`





<a id="nestedatt--authentication--otp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.otp`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Setting this to `true` will disallow using this authentication method directly via API and SDK calls. Note that this does not affect authentication flows that are configured to use this authentication method.
- `domain` (String) The domain to embed in OTP messages.
- `email_service` (Attributes) Settings related to sending emails with OTP codes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--otp--email_service))
- `expiration_time` (String) The amount of time that an OTP code will be valid for.
- `text_service` (Attributes) Settings related to sending SMS messages with OTP codes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--otp--text_service))
- `voice_service` (Attributes) Settings related to voice calls with OTP codes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--otp--voice_service))

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--otp--email_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.otp.email_service`

Required:

- `connector` (String) The name of the email connector to use for sending emails.

Optional:

- `templates` (Attributes List) A list of email templates for different authentication flows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--otp--email_service--templates))

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--otp--email_service--templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.otp.email_service.templates`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique name for this email template.
- `subject` (String) Subject line of the email message.

Optional:

- `active` (Boolean) Whether this email template is currently active and in use.
- `html_body` (String) HTML content of the email message body, required if `use_plain_text_body` isn't set.
- `plain_text_body` (String) Plain text version of the email message body, required if `use_plain_text_body` is set to `true`.
- `use_plain_text_body` (Boolean) Whether to use the plain text body instead of HTML for the email.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--authentication--otp--text_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.otp.text_service`

Required:

- `connector` (String) The name of the SMS/text connector to use for sending text messages.

Optional:

- `templates` (Attributes List) A list of text message templates for different authentication flows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--otp--text_service--templates))

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--otp--text_service--templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.otp.text_service.templates`

Required:

- `body` (String) The content of the text message.
- `name` (String) Unique name for this text template.

Optional:

- `active` (Boolean) Whether this text template is currently active and in use.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--authentication--otp--voice_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.otp.voice_service`

Required:

- `connector` (String) The name of the voice connector to use for making voice calls.

Optional:

- `templates` (Attributes List) A list of voice message templates for different purposes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--otp--voice_service--templates))

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--otp--voice_service--templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.otp.voice_service.templates`

Required:

- `body` (String) The content of the voice message that will be spoken.
- `name` (String) Unique name for this voice template.

Optional:

- `active` (Boolean) Whether this voice template is currently active and in use.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--authentication--passkeys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.passkeys`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Setting this to `true` will disallow using this authentication method directly via API and SDK calls. Note that this does not affect authentication flows that are configured to use this authentication method.
- `top_level_domain` (String) Passkeys will be usable in the following domain and all its subdomains.


<a id="nestedatt--authentication--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.password`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Setting this to `true` will disallow using this authentication method directly via API and SDK calls. Note that this does not affect authentication flows that are configured to use this authentication method.
- `email_service` (Attributes) Settings related to sending password reset emails as part of the password feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--password--email_service))
- `expiration` (Boolean) Whether users are required to change their password periodically.
- `expiration_weeks` (Number) The number of weeks after which a user's password expires and they need to replace it.
- `lock` (Boolean) Whether the user account should be locked after a specified number of failed login attempts.
- `lock_attempts` (Number) The number of failed login attempts allowed before an account is locked.
- `lowercase` (Boolean) Whether passwords must contain at least one lowercase letter.
- `min_length` (Number) The minimum length of the password that users are required to use. The maximum length is always `64`.
- `non_alphanumeric` (Boolean) Whether passwords must contain at least one non-alphanumeric character (e.g. `!`, `@`, `#`).
- `number` (Boolean) Whether passwords must contain at least one number.
- `reuse` (Boolean) Whether to forbid password reuse when users change their password.
- `reuse_amount` (Number) The number of previous passwords whose hashes are kept to prevent users from reusing old passwords.
- `uppercase` (Boolean) Whether passwords must contain at least one uppercase letter.

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--password--email_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.password.email_service`

Required:

- `connector` (String) The name of the email connector to use for sending emails.

Optional:

- `templates` (Attributes List) A list of email templates for different authentication flows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--password--email_service--templates))

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--password--email_service--templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.password.email_service.templates`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique name for this email template.
- `subject` (String) Subject line of the email message.

Optional:

- `active` (Boolean) Whether this email template is currently active and in use.
- `html_body` (String) HTML content of the email message body, required if `use_plain_text_body` isn't set.
- `plain_text_body` (String) Plain text version of the email message body, required if `use_plain_text_body` is set to `true`.
- `use_plain_text_body` (Boolean) Whether to use the plain text body instead of HTML for the email.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--authentication--sso"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.sso`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Setting this to `true` will disallow using this authentication method directly via API and SDK calls. Note that this does not affect authentication flows that are configured to use this authentication method.
- `merge_users` (Boolean) Whether to merge existing user accounts with new ones created through SSO authentication.
- `redirect_url` (String) The URL the end user is redirected to after a successful authentication. If one is specified in tenant level settings or SDK/API call, they will override this value.


<a id="nestedatt--authentication--totp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.totp`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Setting this to `true` will disallow using this authentication method directly via API and SDK calls. Note that this does not affect authentication flows that are configured to use this authentication method.



<a id="nestedatt--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization`

Optional:

- `permissions` (Attributes Set) A list of `Permission` objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization--permissions))
- `roles` (Attributes Set) A list of `Role` objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization--roles))

<a id="nestedatt--authorization--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization.permissions`

Required:

- `name` (String) A name for the permission.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description for the permission.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--authorization--roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization.roles`

Required:

- `name` (String) A name for the role.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description for the role.
- `permissions` (Set of String) A list of permissions by name to be included in the role.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--connectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors`

Optional:

- `abuseipdb` (Attributes List) Utilize IP threat intelligence to block malicious login attempts with the AbuseIPDB connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--abuseipdb))
- `amplitude` (Attributes List) Track user activity and traits at any point in your user journey with the Amplitude connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--amplitude))
- `audit_webhook` (Attributes List) Send audit events to a custom webhook. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--audit_webhook))
- `aws_s3` (Attributes List) Stream authentication audit logs with the Amazon S3 connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--aws_s3))
- `aws_translate` (Attributes List) Localize the language of your login and user journey screens with the Amazon Translate connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--aws_translate))
- `clear` (Attributes List) Add sophisticated identity verification processes to your user journey with the CLEAR Verified connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--clear))
- `cybersixgill` (Attributes List) Utilize threat intelligence to block malicious login attempts or check leaks with the Cybersixgill connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--cybersixgill))
- `datadog` (Attributes List) Stream authentication audit logs with the Datadog connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--datadog))
- `devrev_grow` (Attributes List) DevRev Grow is a Growth CRM that brings salespeople, product marketers, and PMs onto an AI-native platform to follow the journey of a visitor to a lead, to a contact, and then to a user - to create a champion, not a churned user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--devrev_grow))
- `docebo` (Attributes List) Get user information from Docebo in your Descope user journeys with the Docebo connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--docebo))
- `eight_by_eight_viber` (Attributes List) Send Viber messages to the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--eight_by_eight_viber))
- `eight_by_eight_whatsapp` (Attributes List) Send WhatsApp messages to the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--eight_by_eight_whatsapp))
- `elephant` (Attributes List) Use this connector to obtain an identity trust score. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--elephant))
- `external_token_http` (Attributes List) A generic HTTP token connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--external_token_http))
- `fingerprint` (Attributes List) Prevent fraud by adding device intelligence with the Fingerprint connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--fingerprint))
- `fingerprint_descope` (Attributes List) Descope Fingerprint capabilities for fraud detection and risk assessment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--fingerprint_descope))
- `firebase_admin` (Attributes List) Firebase connector enables you to utilize Firebase's APIs to generate a Firebase user token for a given Descope user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--firebase_admin))
- `forter` (Attributes List) Leverage ML-based risk scores for fraud prevention with the Forter connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--forter))
- `generic_email_gateway` (Attributes List) Send emails using a generic Email gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--generic_email_gateway))
- `generic_sms_gateway` (Attributes List) Send messages using a generic SMS gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--generic_sms_gateway))
- `google_cloud_translation` (Attributes List) Localize the language of your login and user journey screens with the Google Cloud Translation connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--google_cloud_translation))
- `google_maps_places` (Attributes List) Get address autocompletions from Place Autocomplete Data API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--google_maps_places))
- `hibp` (Attributes List) Check if passwords have been previously exposed in data breaches with the Have I Been Pwned connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--hibp))
- `http` (Attributes List) A general purpose HTTP client (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--http))
- `hubspot` (Attributes List) Orchestrate customer identity information from your Descope user journey with the HubSpot connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--hubspot))
- `incode` (Attributes List) Use the Incode connection to run identity verification processes like document checks or facial recognition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--incode))
- `intercom` (Attributes List) Orchestrate customer identity information from your Descope user journey with the Intercom connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--intercom))
- `lokalise` (Attributes List) Localize the language of your login and user journey screens with the Lokalise connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--lokalise))
- `mparticle` (Attributes List) Track and send user event data (e.g. page views, purchases, etc.) across connected tools using the mParticle connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--mparticle))
- `newrelic` (Attributes List) Stream authentication audit logs with the New Relic connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--newrelic))
- `radar` (Attributes List) Get address autocompletions from Radar Autocomplete API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--radar))
- `recaptcha` (Attributes List) Prevent bot attacks on your login pages with the reCAPTCHA v3 connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--recaptcha))
- `recaptcha_enterprise` (Attributes List) Mitigate fraud using advanced risk analysis and add adaptive MFA with the reCAPTCHA Enterprise connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--recaptcha_enterprise))
- `rekognition` (Attributes List) Add image recognition capabilities for identity verification and fraud prevention with the Amazon Rekognition connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--rekognition))
- `salesforce` (Attributes List) Run SQL queries to retrieve user roles, profiles, account status, and more with the Salesforce connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--salesforce))
- `salesforce_marketing_cloud` (Attributes List) Send transactional messages with the Salesforce Marketing Cloud connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--salesforce_marketing_cloud))
- `sardine` (Attributes List) Evaluate customer risk using Sardine (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--sardine))
- `segment` (Attributes List) Orchestrate customer identity traits and signals from your Descope user journey with the Segment connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--segment))
- `sendgrid` (Attributes List) SendGrid is a cloud-based SMTP provider that allows you to send emails without having to maintain email servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--sendgrid))
- `ses` (Attributes List) Amazon Simple Email Service (SES) for sending emails through AWS infrastructure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--ses))
- `slack` (Attributes List) Send updates to your team on Slack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--slack))
- `smartling` (Attributes List) Localize the language of your login and user journey screens with the Smartling connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--smartling))
- `smtp` (Attributes List) Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) server for sending emails. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--smtp))
- `sns` (Attributes List) Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS) for sending SMS messages through AWS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--sns))
- `sumologic` (Attributes List) Stream logs and audit events with the Sumo Logic connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--sumologic))
- `supabase` (Attributes List) Generate external tokens for user authentication in Supabase projects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--supabase))
- `telesign` (Attributes List) Verify phone numbers and leverage granular risk scores for adaptive MFA with the Telesign Intelligence connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--telesign))
- `traceable` (Attributes List) Identify and respond to fraudulent login activity with the Traceable Digital Fraud Prevention connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--traceable))
- `turnstile` (Attributes List) Prevent bot attacks on your login pages with the Turnstile connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--turnstile))
- `twilio_core` (Attributes List) Twilio is a cloud-based communication provider of communication tools for making and receiving phone calls, sending and receiving text messages, and performing other communication functions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--twilio_core))
- `twilio_verify` (Attributes List) Twilio Verify is an OTP service that can be used via text messages, instant messaging platforms, voice and e-mail. Choose this connector only if you are a Twilio Verify customer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--twilio_verify))

<a id="nestedatt--connectors--abuseipdb"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.abuseipdb`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) The unique AbuseIPDB API key.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--amplitude"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.amplitude`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) The Amplitude API Key generated for the Descope service.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `server_url` (String) The server URL of the Amplitude API, when using different api or a custom domain in Amplitude.
- `server_zone` (String) `EU` or `US`. Sets the Amplitude server zone. Set this to `EU` for Amplitude projects created in `EU` data center. Default is `US`.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--audit_webhook"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.audit_webhook`

Required:

- `base_url` (String) The base URL to fetch
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.

Optional:

- `audit_filters` (Attributes List) Specify which events will be sent to the external audit service (including tenant selection). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--audit_webhook--audit_filters))
- `authentication` (Attributes) Authentication Information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--audit_webhook--authentication))
- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `headers` (Map of String) The headers to send with the request
- `hmac_secret` (String, Sensitive) HMAC is a method for message signing with a symmetrical key. This secret will be used to sign the payload, and the resulting signature will be sent in the `x-descope-webhook-s256` header. The receiving service should use this secret to verify the integrity and authenticity of the payload by checking the provided signature
- `insecure` (Boolean) Will ignore certificate errors raised by the client

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--connectors--audit_webhook--audit_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.audit_webhook.audit_filters`

Required:

- `key` (String) The field name to filter on (either 'actions' or 'tenants').
- `operator` (String) The filter operation to apply ('includes' or 'excludes').
- `values` (List of String) The list of values to match against for the filter.


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--audit_webhook--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.audit_webhook.authentication`

Optional:

- `api_key` (Attributes) API key authentication configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--audit_webhook--authentication--api_key))
- `basic` (Attributes) Basic authentication credentials (username and password). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--audit_webhook--authentication--basic))
- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer token for HTTP authentication.

<a id="nestedatt--connectors--audit_webhook--authentication--api_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.audit_webhook.authentication.api_key`

Required:

- `key` (String) The API key.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The API secret.


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--audit_webhook--authentication--basic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.audit_webhook.authentication.basic`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for basic HTTP authentication.
- `username` (String) Username for basic HTTP authentication.




<a id="nestedatt--connectors--aws_s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.aws_s3`

Required:

- `auth_type` (String) The authentication type to use.
- `bucket` (String) The AWS S3 bucket. This bucket should already exist for the connector to work.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `region` (String) The AWS S3 region, e.g. `us-east-1`.

Optional:

- `access_key_id` (String, Sensitive) The unique AWS access key ID.
- `audit_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable streaming of audit events.
- `audit_filters` (Attributes List) Specify which events will be sent to the external audit service (including tenant selection). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--aws_s3--audit_filters))
- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `external_id` (String) The external ID to use when assuming the role.
- `role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to assume.
- `secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret AWS access key.
- `troubleshoot_log_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to send troubleshooting events.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--connectors--aws_s3--audit_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.aws_s3.audit_filters`

Required:

- `key` (String) The field name to filter on (either 'actions' or 'tenants').
- `operator` (String) The filter operation to apply ('includes' or 'excludes').
- `values` (List of String) The list of values to match against for the filter.



<a id="nestedatt--connectors--aws_translate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.aws_translate`

Required:

- `access_key_id` (String) AWS access key ID.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `region` (String) The AWS region to which this client will send requests. (e.g. us-east-1.)
- `secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) AWS secret access key.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `session_token` (String, Sensitive) (Optional) A security or session token to use with these credentials. Usually present for temporary credentials.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--clear"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.clear`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) Your CLEAR API key.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `project_id` (String) Your CLEAR project ID.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--cybersixgill"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.cybersixgill`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) API Client ID issued when you create the credentials in Cybersixgill.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client secret issued when you create the credentials in Cybersixgill.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--datadog"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.datadog`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) The unique Datadog organization key.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.

Optional:

- `audit_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable streaming of audit events.
- `audit_filters` (Attributes List) Specify which events will be sent to the external audit service (including tenant selection). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--datadog--audit_filters))
- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `site` (String) The Datadog site to send logs to. Default is `datadoghq.com`. European, free tier and other customers should set their site accordingly.
- `troubleshoot_log_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to send troubleshooting events.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--connectors--datadog--audit_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.datadog.audit_filters`

Required:

- `key` (String) The field name to filter on (either 'actions' or 'tenants').
- `operator` (String) The filter operation to apply ('includes' or 'excludes').
- `values` (List of String) The list of values to match against for the filter.



<a id="nestedatt--connectors--devrev_grow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.devrev_grow`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) Authentication to DevRev APIs requires a personal access token (PAT).
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--docebo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.docebo`

Required:

- `base_url` (String) The Docebo api base url.
- `client_id` (String) The Docebo OAuth 2.0 app client ID.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The Docebo OAuth 2.0 app client secret.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The Docebo user's password.
- `username` (String) The Docebo username.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--eight_by_eight_viber"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.eight_by_eight_viber`

Required:

- `api_key` (String) The 8x8 API key for authentication.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `sub_account_id` (String) The 8x8 sub-account ID is required for the Messaging API.

Optional:

- `country` (String) The country code or region where your Viber messaging service is configured.
- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `use_static_ips` (Boolean) Whether the connector should send all requests from specific static IPs.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--eight_by_eight_whatsapp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.eight_by_eight_whatsapp`

Required:

- `api_key` (String) The 8x8 API key for authentication.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `sub_account_id` (String) The 8x8 sub-account ID is required for the Messaging API.
- `template_id` (String) The ID of a WhatsApp message template.

Optional:

- `country` (String) The country code or region where your Viber messaging service is configured.
- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `use_static_ips` (Boolean) Whether the connector should send all requests from specific static IPs.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--elephant"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.elephant`

Required:

- `access_key` (String, Sensitive) The Elephant access key.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--external_token_http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.external_token_http`

Required:

- `endpoint` (String) The endpoint to get the token from (Using POST method). Descope will send the user information in the body of the request, and should return a JSON response with a 'token' string field.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) Authentication Information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--external_token_http--authentication))
- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `headers` (Map of String) The headers to send with the request
- `hmac_secret` (String, Sensitive) HMAC is a method for message signing with a symmetrical key. This secret will be used to sign the base64 encoded payload, and the resulting signature will be sent in the `x-descope-webhook-s256` header. The receiving service should use this secret to verify the integrity and authenticity of the payload by checking the provided signature
- `insecure` (Boolean) Will ignore certificate errors raised by the client
- `use_static_ips` (Boolean) Whether the connector should send all requests from specific static IPs.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--connectors--external_token_http--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.external_token_http.authentication`

Optional:

- `api_key` (Attributes) API key authentication configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--external_token_http--authentication--api_key))
- `basic` (Attributes) Basic authentication credentials (username and password). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--external_token_http--authentication--basic))
- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer token for HTTP authentication.

<a id="nestedatt--connectors--external_token_http--authentication--api_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.external_token_http.authentication.api_key`

Required:

- `key` (String) The API key.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The API secret.


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--external_token_http--authentication--basic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.external_token_http.authentication.basic`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for basic HTTP authentication.
- `username` (String) Username for basic HTTP authentication.




<a id="nestedatt--connectors--fingerprint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.fingerprint`

Required:

- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `public_api_key` (String) The Fingerprint public API key.
- `secret_api_key` (String, Sensitive) The Fingerprint secret API key.

Optional:

- `cloudflare_endpoint_url` (String) The Cloudflare integration Endpoint URL.
- `cloudflare_script_url` (String) The Cloudflare integration Script URL.
- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `use_cloudflare_integration` (Boolean) Enable to configure the relevant Cloudflare integration parameters if Cloudflare integration is set in your Fingerprint account.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--fingerprint_descope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.fingerprint_descope`

Required:

- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.

Optional:

- `custom_domain` (String) The custom domain to fetch
- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--firebase_admin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.firebase_admin`

Required:

- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `service_account` (String, Sensitive) The Firebase service account JSON.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--forter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.forter`

Required:

- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) The Forter secret key.
- `site_id` (String) The Forter site ID.

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) The Forter API version.
- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `override_ip_address` (String) Override the user IP address.
- `override_user_email` (String) Override the user email.
- `overrides` (Boolean) Override the user's IP address or email so that Forter can provide a specific decision or recommendation. Contact the Forter team for further details. Note: Overriding the user IP address or email is intended for testing purpose and should not be utilized in production environments.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--generic_email_gateway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.generic_email_gateway`

Required:

- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `post_url` (String) The URL of the post email request

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) Authentication Information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--generic_email_gateway--authentication))
- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `headers` (Map of String) The headers to send with the request
- `hmac_secret` (String, Sensitive) HMAC is a method for message signing with a symmetrical key. This secret will be used to sign the base64 encoded payload, and the resulting signature will be sent in the `x-descope-webhook-s256` header. The receiving service should use this secret to verify the integrity and authenticity of the payload by checking the provided signature
- `insecure` (Boolean) Will ignore certificate errors raised by the client
- `sender` (String) The sender address
- `use_static_ips` (Boolean) Whether the connector should send all requests from specific static IPs.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--connectors--generic_email_gateway--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.generic_email_gateway.authentication`

Optional:

- `api_key` (Attributes) API key authentication configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--generic_email_gateway--authentication--api_key))
- `basic` (Attributes) Basic authentication credentials (username and password). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--generic_email_gateway--authentication--basic))
- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer token for HTTP authentication.

<a id="nestedatt--connectors--generic_email_gateway--authentication--api_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.generic_email_gateway.authentication.api_key`

Required:

- `key` (String) The API key.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The API secret.


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--generic_email_gateway--authentication--basic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.generic_email_gateway.authentication.basic`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for basic HTTP authentication.
- `username` (String) Username for basic HTTP authentication.




<a id="nestedatt--connectors--generic_sms_gateway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.generic_sms_gateway`

Required:

- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `post_url` (String) The URL of the post message request

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) Authentication Information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--generic_sms_gateway--authentication))
- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `headers` (Map of String) The headers to send with the request
- `hmac_secret` (String, Sensitive) HMAC is a method for message signing with a symmetrical key. This secret will be used to sign the base64 encoded payload, and the resulting signature will be sent in the `x-descope-webhook-s256` header. The receiving service should use this secret to verify the integrity and authenticity of the payload by checking the provided signature
- `insecure` (Boolean) Will ignore certificate errors raised by the client
- `sender` (String) The sender number
- `use_static_ips` (Boolean) Whether the connector should send all requests from specific static IPs.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--connectors--generic_sms_gateway--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.generic_sms_gateway.authentication`

Optional:

- `api_key` (Attributes) API key authentication configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--generic_sms_gateway--authentication--api_key))
- `basic` (Attributes) Basic authentication credentials (username and password). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--generic_sms_gateway--authentication--basic))
- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer token for HTTP authentication.

<a id="nestedatt--connectors--generic_sms_gateway--authentication--api_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.generic_sms_gateway.authentication.api_key`

Required:

- `key` (String) The API key.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The API secret.


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--generic_sms_gateway--authentication--basic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.generic_sms_gateway.authentication.basic`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for basic HTTP authentication.
- `username` (String) Username for basic HTTP authentication.




<a id="nestedatt--connectors--google_cloud_translation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.google_cloud_translation`

Required:

- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `project_id` (String) The Google Cloud project ID where the Google Cloud Translation is managed.
- `service_account_json` (String, Sensitive) Service Account JSON associated with the current project.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--google_maps_places"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.google_maps_places`

Required:

- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `public_api_key` (String) The Google Maps Places public API key.

Optional:

- `address_types` (String) The address types to return.
- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `language` (String) The language in which to return results.
- `region` (String) The region code, specified as a CLDR two-character region code.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--hibp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.hibp`

Required:

- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.http`

Required:

- `base_url` (String) The base URL to fetch
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) Authentication Information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--http--authentication))
- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `headers` (Map of String) The headers to send with the request
- `hmac_secret` (String, Sensitive) HMAC is a method for message signing with a symmetrical key. This secret will be used to sign the base64 encoded payload, and the resulting signature will be sent in the `x-descope-webhook-s256` header. The receiving service should use this secret to verify the integrity and authenticity of the payload by checking the provided signature
- `include_headers_in_context` (Boolean) The connector response context will also include the headers. The context will have a "body" attribute and a "headers" attribute. See more details in the help guide
- `insecure` (Boolean) Will ignore certificate errors raised by the client
- `use_static_ips` (Boolean) Whether the connector should send all requests from specific static IPs.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--connectors--http--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.http.authentication`

Optional:

- `api_key` (Attributes) API key authentication configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--http--authentication--api_key))
- `basic` (Attributes) Basic authentication credentials (username and password). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--http--authentication--basic))
- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer token for HTTP authentication.

<a id="nestedatt--connectors--http--authentication--api_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.http.authentication.api_key`

Required:

- `key` (String) The API key.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The API secret.


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--http--authentication--basic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.http.authentication.basic`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for basic HTTP authentication.
- `username` (String) Username for basic HTTP authentication.




<a id="nestedatt--connectors--hubspot"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.hubspot`

Required:

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) The HubSpot private API access token generated for the Descope service.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.

Optional:

- `base_url` (String) The base URL of the HubSpot API, when using a custom domain in HubSpot, default value is https://api.hubapi.com .
- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `use_static_ips` (Boolean) Whether the connector should send all requests from specific static IPs.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--incode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.incode`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) Your InCode API key.
- `api_url` (String) The base URL of the Incode API
- `flow_id` (String) Your wanted InCode's flow ID.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--intercom"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.intercom`

Required:

- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The Intercom access token.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `region` (String) Regional Hosting - US, EU, or AU. default: US

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--lokalise"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.lokalise`

Required:

- `api_token` (String, Sensitive) Lokalise API token.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `project_id` (String) Lokalise project ID.

Optional:

- `card_id` (String) (Optional) The ID of the payment card to use for translation orders. If not provided, the team credit will be used.
- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `team_id` (String) Lokalise team ID. If not provided, the oldest available team will be used.
- `translation_provider` (String) The translation provider to use ('gengo', 'google', 'lokalise', 'deepl'), default is 'deepl'.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--mparticle"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.mparticle`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) The mParticle Server to Server Key generated for the Descope service.
- `api_secret` (String, Sensitive) The mParticle Server to Server Secret generated for the Descope service.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.

Optional:

- `base_url` (String) The base URL of the mParticle API, when using a custom domain in mParticle. default value is https://s2s.mparticle.com/
- `default_environment` (String) The default environment of which connector send data to, either production or development. default value: production. This field can be overridden per event (see at flows).
- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `use_static_ips` (Boolean) Whether the connector should send all requests from specific static IPs.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--newrelic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.newrelic`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) Ingest License Key of the account you want to report data to.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.

Optional:

- `audit_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable streaming of audit events.
- `audit_filters` (Attributes List) Specify which events will be sent to the external audit service (including tenant selection). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--newrelic--audit_filters))
- `data_center` (String) The New Relic data center the account belongs to. Possible values are: `US`, `EU`, `FedRAMP`. Default is `US`.
- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `logs_prefix` (String) Specify a custom prefix for all log fields. The default prefix is `descope.`.
- `override_logs_prefix` (Boolean) Enable this option to use a custom prefix for log fields.
- `troubleshoot_log_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to send troubleshooting events.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--connectors--newrelic--audit_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.newrelic.audit_filters`

Required:

- `key` (String) The field name to filter on (either 'actions' or 'tenants').
- `operator` (String) The filter operation to apply ('includes' or 'excludes').
- `values` (List of String) The list of values to match against for the filter.



<a id="nestedatt--connectors--radar"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.radar`

Required:

- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `public_api_key` (String) The Radar publishable API key.

Optional:

- `address_types` (String) The address types to return.
- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `language` (String) The language in which to return results.
- `limit` (Number) The maximum number of results to return.
- `region` (String) The region code, specified as a two-letter ISO 3166 code.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--recaptcha"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.recaptcha`

Required:

- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret key authorizes communication between Descope backend and the reCAPTCHA server to verify the user's response.
- `site_key` (String) The site key is used to invoke reCAPTCHA service on your site or mobile application.

Optional:

- `assessment_score` (Number) When configured, the Recaptcha action will return the score without assessing the request. The score ranges between 0 and 1, where 1 is a human interaction and 0 is a bot.
- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `override_assessment` (Boolean) Override the default assessment model. Note: Overriding assessment is intended for automated testing and should not be utilized in production environments.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--recaptcha_enterprise"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.recaptcha_enterprise`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API key associated with the current project.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `project_id` (String) The Google Cloud project ID where the reCAPTCHA Enterprise is managed.
- `site_key` (String) The site key is used to invoke reCAPTCHA Enterprise service on your site or mobile application.

Optional:

- `assessment_score` (Number) When configured, the Recaptcha action will return the score without assessing the request. The score ranges between 0 and 1, where 1 is a human interaction and 0 is a bot.
- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `override_assessment` (Boolean) Override the default assessment model. Note: Overriding assessment is intended for automated testing and should not be utilized in production environments.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--rekognition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.rekognition`

Required:

- `access_key_id` (String) The AWS access key ID
- `collection_id` (String) The collection to store registered users in. Should match `[a-zA-Z0-9_.-]+` pattern. Changing this will cause losing existing users.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The AWS secret access key

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--salesforce"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.salesforce`

Required:

- `base_url` (String) The Salesforce API base URL.
- `client_id` (String) The consumer key of the connected app.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The consumer secret of the connected app.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `version` (String) REST API Version.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--salesforce_marketing_cloud"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.salesforce_marketing_cloud`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) Client ID issued when you create the API integration in Installed Packages.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client secret issued when you create the API integration in Installed Packages.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `subdomain` (String) The Salesforce Marketing Cloud endpoint subdomain.

Optional:

- `account_id` (String) Account identifier, or MID, of the target business unit.
- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `scope` (String) Space-separated list of data-access permissions for your connector.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--sardine"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.sardine`

Required:

- `base_url` (String) The base URL for the Sardine API, e.g.: https://api.sandbox.sardine.ai, https://api.sardine.ai, https://api.eu.sardine.ai.
- `client_id` (String) The Sardine Client ID.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The Sardine Client Secret.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--segment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.segment`

Required:

- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `write_key` (String, Sensitive) The Segment Write Key generated for the Descope service.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `host` (String) The base URL of the Segment API, when using a custom domain in Segment.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--sendgrid"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.sendgrid`

Required:

- `authentication` (Attributes) SendGrid API authentication configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--sendgrid--authentication))
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `sender` (Attributes) The sender details that should be displayed in the email message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--sendgrid--sender))

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--connectors--sendgrid--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.sendgrid.authentication`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) SendGrid API key for authentication.


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--sendgrid--sender"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.sendgrid.sender`

Required:

- `email` (String) The email address that will appear as the sender of the email.

Optional:

- `name` (String) The display name that will appear as the sender of the email.



<a id="nestedatt--connectors--ses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.ses`

Required:

- `access_key_id` (String) AWS Access key ID.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `region` (String) AWS region to send requests to (e.g. `us-west-2`).
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) AWS Secret Access Key.
- `sender` (Attributes) The sender details that should be displayed in the email message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--ses--sender))

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `endpoint` (String) An optional endpoint URL (hostname only or fully qualified URI).

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--connectors--ses--sender"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.ses.sender`

Required:

- `email` (String) The email address that will appear as the sender of the email.

Optional:

- `name` (String) The display name that will appear as the sender of the email.



<a id="nestedatt--connectors--slack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.slack`

Required:

- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The OAuth token for Slack's Bot User, used to authenticate API requests.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--smartling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.smartling`

Required:

- `account_uid` (String) The account UID for the Smartling account.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `user_identifier` (String) The user identifier for the Smartling account.
- `user_secret` (String, Sensitive) The user secret for the Smartling account.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--smtp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.smtp`

Required:

- `authentication` (Attributes) SMTP server authentication credentials and method. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--smtp--authentication))
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `sender` (Attributes) The sender details that should be displayed in the email message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--smtp--sender))
- `server` (Attributes) SMTP server connection details including hostname and port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--smtp--server))

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `use_static_ips` (Boolean) Whether the connector should send all requests from specific static IPs.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--connectors--smtp--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.smtp.authentication`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for SMTP server authentication.
- `username` (String) Username for SMTP server authentication.

Optional:

- `method` (String) SMTP authentication method (`plain` or `login`).


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--smtp--sender"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.smtp.sender`

Required:

- `email` (String) The email address that will appear as the sender of the email.

Optional:

- `name` (String) The display name that will appear as the sender of the email.


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--smtp--server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.smtp.server`

Required:

- `host` (String) The hostname or IP address of the SMTP server.

Optional:

- `port` (Number) The port number to connect to on the SMTP server.



<a id="nestedatt--connectors--sns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.sns`

Required:

- `access_key_id` (String) AWS Access key ID.
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `region` (String) AWS region to send requests to (e.g. `us-west-2`).
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) AWS Secret Access Key.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `endpoint` (String) An optional endpoint URL (hostname only or fully qualified URI).
- `entity_id` (String) The entity ID or principal entity (PE) ID for sending text messages to recipients in India.
- `organization_number` (String) An optional phone number from which the text messages are going to be sent. Make sure it is registered properly in your server.
- `sender_id` (String) The name of the sender from which the text message is going to be sent (see SNS documentation regarding acceptable IDs and supported regions/countries).
- `template_id` (String) The template for sending text messages to recipients in India. The template ID must be associated with the sender ID.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--sumologic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.sumologic`

Required:

- `http_source_url` (String, Sensitive) The URL associated with an HTTP Hosted collector
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.

Optional:

- `audit_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable streaming of audit events.
- `audit_filters` (Attributes List) Specify which events will be sent to the external audit service (including tenant selection). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--sumologic--audit_filters))
- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `troubleshoot_log_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to send troubleshooting events.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--connectors--sumologic--audit_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.sumologic.audit_filters`

Required:

- `key` (String) The field name to filter on (either 'actions' or 'tenants').
- `operator` (String) The filter operation to apply ('includes' or 'excludes').
- `values` (List of String) The list of values to match against for the filter.



<a id="nestedatt--connectors--supabase"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.supabase`

Required:

- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `signing_secret` (String, Sensitive) The signing secret for your Supabase project.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `expiration_time` (Number) The duration in minutes for which the token is valid.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--telesign"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.telesign`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) The unique Telesign API key
- `customer_id` (String) The unique Telesign account Customer ID
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--traceable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.traceable`

Required:

- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) The Traceable secret key.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `eu_region` (Boolean) EU(Europe) Region deployment of Traceable platform.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--turnstile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.turnstile`

Required:

- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret key authorizes communication between Descope backend and the Turnstile server to verify the user's response.
- `site_key` (String) The site key is used to invoke Turnstile service on your site or mobile application.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--twilio_core"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.twilio_core`

Required:

- `account_sid` (String) Twilio Account SID from your Twilio Console.
- `authentication` (Attributes) Twilio authentication credentials (either auth token or API key/secret). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--twilio_core--authentication))
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `senders` (Attributes) Configuration for SMS and voice message senders. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--twilio_core--senders))

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--connectors--twilio_core--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.twilio_core.authentication`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) Twilio API Key for authentication (used with API Secret).
- `api_secret` (String, Sensitive) Twilio API Secret for authentication (used with API Key).
- `auth_token` (String, Sensitive) Twilio Auth Token for authentication.


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--twilio_core--senders"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.twilio_core.senders`

Required:

- `sms` (Attributes) SMS sender configuration using either a phone number or messaging service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--twilio_core--senders--sms))

Optional:

- `voice` (Attributes) Voice call sender configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--twilio_core--senders--voice))

<a id="nestedatt--connectors--twilio_core--senders--sms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.twilio_core.senders.sms`

Optional:

- `messaging_service_sid` (String) Twilio Messaging Service SID for sending SMS messages.
- `phone_number` (String) Twilio phone number for sending SMS messages.


<a id="nestedatt--connectors--twilio_core--senders--voice"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.twilio_core.senders.voice`

Required:

- `phone_number` (String) Twilio phone number for making voice calls.




<a id="nestedatt--connectors--twilio_verify"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.twilio_verify`

Required:

- `account_sid` (String) Twilio Account SID from your Twilio Console.
- `authentication` (Attributes) Twilio authentication credentials (either auth token or API key/secret). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors--twilio_verify--authentication))
- `name` (String) A custom name for your connector.
- `service_sid` (String) Twilio Verify Service SID for verification services.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of what your connector is used for.
- `sender` (String) Optional sender identifier for verification messages.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--connectors--twilio_verify--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors.twilio_verify.authentication`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) Twilio API Key for authentication (used with API Secret).
- `api_secret` (String, Sensitive) Twilio API Secret for authentication (used with API Key).
- `auth_token` (String, Sensitive) Twilio Auth Token for authentication.




<a id="nestedatt--flows"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flows`

Required:

- `data` (String) The JSON data defining the authentication flow configuration, including metadata, screens, contents, and references.


<a id="nestedatt--invite_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `invite_settings`

Optional:

- `add_magiclink_token` (Boolean) Whether to include a magic link token in invitation messages.
- `invite_url` (String) Custom URL to include in the message sent to invited users.
- `require_invitation` (Boolean) Whether users must be invited before they can sign up to the project.
- `send_email` (Boolean) Whether to send invitation emails to users.
- `send_text` (Boolean) Whether to send invitation SMS messages to users.


<a id="nestedatt--jwt_templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `jwt_templates`

Optional:

- `access_key_templates` (Attributes List) A list of `Access Key` type JWT Templates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--jwt_templates--access_key_templates))
- `user_templates` (Attributes List) A list of `User` type JWT Templates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--jwt_templates--user_templates))

<a id="nestedatt--jwt_templates--access_key_templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `jwt_templates.access_key_templates`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the JWT Template.
- `template` (String) The JSON template defining the structure and claims of the JWT token. This is expected to be a valid JSON object given as a `string` value.

Optional:

- `auth_schema` (String) The authorization claims format - `default`, `tenantOnly` or `none`. Read more about schema types [here](https://docs.descope.com/project-settings/jwt-templates).
- `auto_tenant_claim` (Boolean) When a user is associated with a single tenant, the tenant will be set as the user's active tenant, using the `dct` (Descope Current Tenant) claim in their JWT.
- `conformance_issuer` (Boolean) Whether to use OIDC conformance for the JWT issuer field.
- `description` (String) Description of the JWT Template.
- `empty_claim_policy` (String) Policy for empty claims - `none`, `nil` or `delete`.
- `enforce_issuer` (Boolean) Whether to enforce that the JWT issuer matches the project configuration.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--jwt_templates--user_templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `jwt_templates.user_templates`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the JWT Template.
- `template` (String) The JSON template defining the structure and claims of the JWT token. This is expected to be a valid JSON object given as a `string` value.

Optional:

- `auth_schema` (String) The authorization claims format - `default`, `tenantOnly` or `none`. Read more about schema types [here](https://docs.descope.com/project-settings/jwt-templates).
- `auto_tenant_claim` (Boolean) When a user is associated with a single tenant, the tenant will be set as the user's active tenant, using the `dct` (Descope Current Tenant) claim in their JWT.
- `conformance_issuer` (Boolean) Whether to use OIDC conformance for the JWT issuer field.
- `description` (String) Description of the JWT Template.
- `empty_claim_policy` (String) Policy for empty claims - `none`, `nil` or `delete`.
- `enforce_issuer` (Boolean) Whether to enforce that the JWT issuer matches the project configuration.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--project_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project_settings`

Optional:

- `access_key_jwt_template` (String) Name of the access key JWT Template.
- `access_key_session_token_expiration` (String) The expiry time for access key session tokens. Use values such as "10 minutes", "4 hours", etc. The value needs to be at least 3 minutes and can't be longer than 4 weeks.
- `app_url` (String) The URL which your application resides on.
- `approved_domains` (Set of String) The list of approved domains that are allowed for redirect and verification URLs for different authentication methods.
- `custom_domain` (String) A custom CNAME that's configured to point to `cname.descope.com`. Read more about custom domains and cookie policy [here](https://docs.descope.com/how-to-deploy-to-production/custom-domain).
- `default_no_sso_apps` (Boolean) Define whether a user created with no federated apps, will have access to all apps, or will not have access to any app.
- `enable_inactivity` (Boolean) Use `True` to enable session inactivity. To read more about session inactivity click [here](https://docs.descope.com/project-settings#session-inactivity).
- `inactivity_time` (String) The session inactivity time. Use values such as "15 minutes", "1 hour", etc. The minimum value is "10 minutes".
- `refresh_token_cookie_domain` (String) The domain name for refresh token cookies. To read more about custom domain and cookie policy click [here](https://docs.descope.com/how-to-deploy-to-production/custom-domain).
- `refresh_token_cookie_policy` (String) Use `strict`, `lax` or `none`. Read more about custom domains and cookie policy [here](https://docs.descope.com/how-to-deploy-to-production/custom-domain).
- `refresh_token_expiration` (String) The expiry time for the refresh token, after which the user must log in again. Use values such as "4 weeks", "14 days", etc. The minimum value is "3 minutes".
- `refresh_token_response_method` (String) Configure how refresh tokens are managed by the Descope SDKs. Must be either `response_body` or `cookies`. The default value is `response_body`.
- `refresh_token_rotation` (Boolean) Every time the user refreshes their session token via their refresh token, the refresh token itself is also updated to a new one.
- `session_migration` (Attributes) Configure seamless migration of existing user sessions from another vendor to Descope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--project_settings--session_migration))
- `session_token_cookie_domain` (String) The domain name for session token cookies. To read more about custom domain and cookie policy click [here](https://docs.descope.com/how-to-deploy-to-production/custom-domain).
- `session_token_cookie_policy` (String) Use `strict`, `lax` or `none`. Read more about custom domains and cookie policy [here](https://docs.descope.com/how-to-deploy-to-production/custom-domain).
- `session_token_expiration` (String) The expiry time of the session token, used for accessing the application's resources. The value needs to be at least 3 minutes and can't be longer than the refresh token expiration.
- `session_token_response_method` (String) Configure how sessions tokens are managed by the Descope SDKs. Must be either `response_body` or `cookies`. The default value is `response_body`.
- `step_up_token_expiration` (String) The expiry time for the step up token, after which it will not be valid and the user will automatically go back to the session token.
- `test_users_loginid_regexp` (String) Define a regular expression so that whenever a user is created with a matching login ID it will automatically be marked as a test user.
- `test_users_static_otp` (String) A 6 digit static OTP code for use with test users.
- `test_users_verifier_regexp` (String) The pattern of the verifiers that will be used for testing.
- `trusted_device_token_expiration` (String) The expiry time for the trusted device token. The minimum value is "3 minutes".
- `user_jwt_template` (String) Name of the user JWT Template.

<a id="nestedatt--project_settings--session_migration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project_settings.session_migration`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) The unique client ID for the vendor.
- `loginid_matched_attributes` (Set of String) A set of attributes from the vendor's user that should be used to match with the Descope user's login ID.
- `vendor` (String) The name of the vendor the sessions are migrated from, in all lowercase.

Optional:

- `audience` (String) The audience value if needed by the vendor.
- `domain` (String) The domain value if needed by the vendor.
- `issuer` (String) An issuer URL if needed by the vendor.



<a id="nestedatt--styles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `styles`

Required:

- `data` (String) The JSON data defining the visual styling and theme configuration used for authentication, widgets, etc.
